    The team really started coming into its own on this sprint, we were able to work much more 
productively independently of each other, while also working together better. This was the 
result of being familiar with the code base laid out in the previous sprint, as well as 
more established team dynamics and improved organizational processes. 

    A result of this was that the team implemented a lot of new content in this sprint. The 
previous sprint saw the bare minimum in terms of enemies, weapons, items, and levels. Since the 
team was more familiar with the tools they had been using, as well as the development of new tools, 
such as the level csv parser, the team was able to implement considerably more content. This sprint 
saw the introduction of multiple new levels with more defined layouts; dozens of new items with more 
creative effects, such as invisibility; many new enemies, including a stalker enemy which turns 
invisible and must be tracked by following the treads left behind; and new weapons, including a 
teleporter which moves the player to the location of a projectile. 

    During this sprint, the team also experimented with new organizational tools, such as Jira and 
Github projects. The team spent a few days debating which of the two were a better platform, but 
ultimately settled on Github projects, as it had a better pipeline into the teams Github repository. 
Because of how long the decision on platform took, this change was implemented a bit late into this 
sprint, which meant that the tasking system was a bit messy and hurried. This wasn't a big deal in 
the end and the team was able to adapt in time, though the team will make sure to keep the tasking 
system cleaner from the start on the upcoming sprints. 

    Another big change in the teams process during sprint 3 was the regular use of code reviews and
code metrics. In the previous sprint, this wasn't considered until the end of the sprint, and so the 
team only did one batch of code reviews and wasn't able to act on those reviews until after the end 
of sprint 2. Similarly, the team only ran code metrics near the end of sprint 2, and it didn't provide 
any useful information until the start of sprint 3. With Sprint 3, however, the team regularly used 
code reviews and metrics, which allowed the team to implement changes based on the information gathered.
This change also reduced the crunch the team experienced in the final week of sprint 2, as in sprint 3, 
the team was able to spread the workload more evenly across the duration of the sprint. 